📖  add v1.2 -> v1.3 migration doc (#6698)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/providers/v1.2-to-v1.3.md

# Cluster API v1.2 compared to v1.3

> This document provides an overview over relevant changes between ClusterAPI v1.2 and v1.3 for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides an overview over relevant changes between Cluster API v1.2 and v1.3 for
```

maintainers of providers and consumers of our Go API.

## Minimum Go version

> * The Go version used by Cluster API is now Go 1.17.x

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Go version used by Cluster API is now Go 1.18.x
```
nit

## Dependencies

**Note**: Only the most relevant dependencies are listed, `k8s.io/` and `ginkgo`/`gomega` dependencies

> in ClusterAPI are kept in sync with the versions used by `sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
in Cluster API are kept in sync with the versions used by `sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime`. 
```
